Document the two histories of domains (#5971)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/cookbook/features.rst

     gmt end show

Thus, the chosen options remain in effect until you provide new option
arguments on the command line.  **Note**: We keep track of two types of regions,

> One is the domain used for a map and one is the domain used for a grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One is the domain used for a map and one is the domain used for a grid,
```

> One is the domain used for a map and one is the domain used for a grid,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One is the domain used for a map and one is the domain used for processing,
```

which often are the same.  When a plot is specified without providing
a region then we look for a previous plot region in the history first, and

> if it is not found then we look for a grid domain to use instead.  However,

Reviewer: So based on the grid domain description, if a plot region is not found a table region will not work (e.g., blockmean)?

Author: What I mean to say is that RG will be used if there is no RP, but RP will never be used if there is no RG.

> if it is not found then we look for a grid domain to use instead.  However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if it is not found then we look for the processing domain to use instead.  However,
```

if a data-processing module is not given a region then we only look

> for a previous data domain; we never substitute a plot domain in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a previous processing domain; we never substitute a plot domain in that case.
```
